He was appointed Capt of basketball team but other players revolted against his appointment. He……

While traveling by train he goes to the toilet. On his return to his seat, he finds his briefcase missing. He……

He receives conflicting orders from his two superior officers. He……

While he discusses his viewpoint others do not listen to him carefully. He……

An epidemic has spread in the village due to poor hygiene condition. He……

He notices a car moving with high speed running over a child on the road. He……

A fellow passenger has fallen from a running train. He……

He makes a silly mistake and his friends point it out. He……

His parents want him to marry a wealthy and less educated girl, but he has already found a suitable educated girl for himself. He……

He hears his neighbors screaming “thief-thief” at midnight. He……

A fellow passenger in the train objects to his smoking being an offense in public place. He……

He reached home from the office and saw his house on fire. He……

While he was going up in a lift the electric power supply failed. He……

He was going to Delhi for an interview but realize after one hour that he has boarded a wrong train. He……

While he was hosting a dinner for his friends in a hotel, he realizes that he has forgotten his wallet at home. He……

His friends came to borrow the book from which he was preparing for next morning paper. He……

He was appointed to supervise evening games in the college but he was staying far away. He……

He proposed to invite a political leader to preside over the annual day celebration but others were against it. He……

His parents were insisting on his early marriage but he wanted to take a job. He……

He had undergone a major surgical operation but there was no one to look after. He……

He realize that his seniors were giving step-motherly treatment to him. He……

He was going to attend the SSB interview. On reaching the railway station he noticed that his suitcase has been stolen with his original certificates needed at SSB. He……

Hearing an unusual sound at night he woke up and found a thief jumping out of his window. He……

He went to college but rowdy students told him to boycott the class. He……

While he was traveling on his scooter, someone at gunpoint demanded his purse. He……

His father has a dispute with his uncle on landed property. He……

He wanted to borrow money for his sister’s marriage. The relative who assured him declined to lend him at the time of marriage. He……

He went to buy a ticket to travel by rail. On getting the ticket he found that his purse was missing. He……

He was going on a bicycle in thick jungle. It was already dark and his destination was 10 Km away. His cycle got punctured. He……

While he was in the jungle in Nagaland, he saw six Nagas with lathies rushing to him. He……

He did not do well in the written test of SCO Commission. His friends advised him not to venture. He……

He was appointed Langar Commander. The Dal has often been having stones which were complained by the dining members. He……

He was traveling in a train on a reserved seat. A fellow passenger claimed to have the same seat on his reservation ticket. He……

His two school going children frequently miss the classes. He……

He wins a lottery of rupees one lakh. He……

He was going to the market and he noticed a car and a tonga collide with each other. He……

He was asked to organize a picnic to a nearby historical place. He……

On returning to his barrack from the firing range, he finds that his friend had bought 20 rounds of 7.62 mm SLR. He……

A helicopter crashes in the vicinity of his unit. He……

He sees a rifle disc lying in the football field of his company. He……

A speedy motor truck runs over a man as he happens to pass by. He……

He was on a boat and he noticed midstream water entering in the boat. He……

He and his sister are passing through a thick forest on a scooter. The scooter is stopped at gunpoint for ransom. He……

He is called upon to organized a variety entertainment show in aid of jawan’s welfare in his unit. He……

Due to financial difficulty, his father cannot support him for further studies after he passes matric examination. He……

The demand for a loan from his close relative is urgent whereas he needs the same money for his sons’ hostel admission. He……

He enters in the bathroom and notices a black cobra hanging from the ceiling of the roof. He……

Recently his younger brother has become arrogant. He……

While he was watching cinema he suddenly noticed smoke coming out of cinema hall. The viewers started running causing a stampede. He……

His father had borrowed some money for his higher studies which he could not pay back. He……

While passing through a mountainous track he was challenged by two persons with weapons in their hands. He……

He has to appear in an exam. On reaching the city, he noticed that curfew has been clamped. He……

He was the captain of the basketball team and his team was about to lose in the final. He……

After marriage, his in-laws forced his to leave the job. He……

His parents often irritated him with their orthodox ideas about the role of women in a society. He……

At the time of interview, he found that the his certificates were missing. He……

When he observed that his friend was having some suspicion on him. He……

His colleagues advised him to be tactful with his boss. He……

He happen to be present at a bus stop, when a child who was with his mother was hit by a speeding motorbike and was injured seriously. He……

He has already decided to vote for a particulars candidate, whereas his friends wanted his commitment for the other candidate. He……